Choosing a higher education path is always hard. 
You need to make sure that you study something you like and you really want to make a career in this field. 
I am going to tell you about my university, and why I chose it.
Right now, I am studying Business Administration and Management program at the faculty of Economics. It lasts for 3 years, and when I finish it I will get a bachelor’s degree. After that, I am planning to apply for a master’s degree which is 2 more years. I study for this degree at the University of Pecs. It is a huge University with many campuses and dormitories. I am not a freshman; I am a sophomore. That is why I already know a lot of things about higher education. At the beginning of each semester, you have to enroll in your course. After that you register for the compulsory and optional subjects. You can choose from a great number of elective courses. You can do absolutely anything from yoga to programming If you choose to. After you finish your studies, you can calculate your GPA, it is the average of your marks during the semester. If you have it above 4, you can apply for different scholarships and grants.

Studying at the university is so much fun because you meet a lot of unique people. But do not think it is easy. 
Only the best graduates receive jobs at international companies, so take your time and study hard. 
During your education, it is a good idea to apply for different internships to get some valuable experience.

Overall, university is a nice place to be in, and I hope you will get to your dream university, and after that you will get your dream job.

Much of today's business is conducted across international borders, and while the majority of the global business community might share the use of 
English as a common language, the nuances and expectations of business communication might differ greatly from culture to culture. 
A lack of understanding of the cultural norms and practices of our business acquaintances can result in unfair judgements, 
misunderstandings and breakdowns in communication. Here are three basic areas of differences in the business etiquette around the world that could help stand you in good stead when you 
next find yourself working with someone from a different culture.

Addressing someone
When discussing this topic in a training course, a German trainee and a British trainee got into a hot debate about whether 
it was appropriate for someone with a doctorate to use the corresponding title on their business card. The British trainee maintained that anyone who wasn't a
 medical doctor expecting to be addressed as 'Dr' was disgustingly pompous and full of themselves. The German trainee, however, argued that the hard work and 
years of education put into earning that PhD should give them full rights to expect to be addressed as 'Dr'.

This stark difference in opinion over something that could be conceived as minor and thus easily overlooked goes to show that we often attach meaning to even the 
most mundane practices. When things that we are used to are done differently, it could spark the strongest reactions in us. While many Continental Europeans and 
Latin Americans prefer to be addressed with a title, for example Mr or Ms and their surname when meeting someone in a business context for the first time, Americans, 
and increasingly the British, now tend to prefer using their first names. The best thing to do is to listen and observe how your conversation partner addresses you and, 
if you are still unsure, do not be afraid to ask them how they would like to be addressed.

Smiling
A so-called 'smile of respect' is seen as insincere and often regarded with suspicion in Russia. A famous Russian proverb even states that 'laughing without reason is a 
sign of idiocy'. Yet in countries like the United States, Australia and Britain, smiling is often interpreted as a sign of openness, friendship and respect, and is 
frequently used to break the ice.

In a piece of research done on smiles across cultures, the researchers found that smiling individuals were considered more intelligent than non-smiling people 
in countries such as Germany, Switzerland, China and Malaysia. However, in countries like Russia, Japan, South Korea and Iran, pictures of smiling faces were 
rated as less intelligent than the non-smiling ones. Meanwhile, in countries like India, Argentina and the Maldives, smiling was associated with dishonesty.

Eye contact
An American or British person might be looking their client in the eye to show that they are paying full attention to what is being said, but if that client 
is from Japan or Korea, they might find the direct eye contact awkward or even disrespectful. In parts of South America and Africa, prolonged eye contact 
could also be seen as challenging authority. In the Middle East, eye contact across genders is considered inappropriate, although eye contact within a 
gender could signify honesty and truthfulness.

Having an increased awareness of the possible differences in expectations and behaviour can help us avoid cases of miscommunication, but it is vital that 
we also remember that cultural stereotypes can be detrimental to building good business relationships. Although national cultures could play a part in 
shaping the way we behave and think, we are also largely influenced by the region we come from, the communities we associate with, our age and gender, 
our corporate culture and our individual experiences of the world. The knowledge of the potential differences should therefore be something we keep at 
the back of our minds, rather than something that we use to pigeonhole the individuals of an entire nation.